xmail.editorCommand: emacs -display %s %s

xmail*Abort.background:                    white
xmail*Abort.foreground:                    red
xmail*Autograph.background:                cyan
xmail*autograph.background:                paleturquoise
xmail*aliasList*Background:                yellow
xmail*aliasList.table.entry.background:    cyan
xmail*alwaysignore*foreground:             seegreen
xmail*noalwaysignore*foreground:           red
xmail*autoprint*foreground:                seegreen
xmail*noautoprint*foreground:              red
xmail*background:                          navajo white
xmail*borderColor:                         brown
xmail*Bcc.background:                      cyan
xmail*Bcc*AsciiSink*Background:            cyan
xmail*Cancel.background:                   misty rose
xmail*Cancel.foreground:                   black
xmail*Cc.background:                       cyan
xmail*Cc*AsciiSink*Background:             cyan
xmail*Copy.foreground:                     blue
xamil*commandPanel.background:             goldenrod
xmail*copy.background:                     linen
xmail*Deliver.background:                  green
xmail*Deliver.foreground:                  brown
xmail*Deliver.borderColor:                 brown
xmail*delete.foreground:                   red
xmail*delete.background:                   white
xmail*Drop.foreground:                     red
xmail*exit.foreground:                     midnight blue
xmail*expert*foreground:                   seegreen
xmail*noexpert*foreground:                 red
xmail*Folder.background:                   navajo white
XMail*Font:                                TERMFONT
xmail*fileWindow*background:               blanched almond
xmail*foreground:                          navy
xmail*forward.foreground:                  green3
xmail*full.foreground:                     red
xmail*hold*foreground:                     seegreen
xmail*nohold*foreground:                   red
xmail*icon*background:                     gold
xmail*icon*foreground:                     brown
xmail*inc.background:                      cyan
xmail*indexWindow*background:              bisque
xmail*list.background:                     tan
xmail*menu.background:                     tan
xmail*Newmail.foreground:                  midnight blue
xmail*next.foreground:                     green3
xmail*previous.foreground:                 blue
xmail*quit.foreground:                     red
xmail*quit.background:                     white
xmail*ReEdit.background:                   khaki
xmail*ReEdit.foreground:                   brown
xmail*replyall.background:                 green
xmail*save.background:                     linen
xmail*Save.foreground:                     blue
xmail*set_menu*background:                 bisque
xmail*statusWindow.background:             brown
xmail*statusWindow.foreground:             yellow
xmail*Subject.background:                  cyan
xmail*Subject*AsciiSink*Background:        cyan
xmail*textWindow*background:               navajo white
xmail*textWindow.face.background:          white
xmail*titleBar*Background:                 brown
xmail*titleBar*Foreground:                 yellow
xmail*titleBar.logo.background:            white
xmail*titleBar.logo.foreground:            blue
xmail*To.Background:                       cyan
xmail*To*AsciiSink*Background:             cyan
xmail*undelete.foreground:                 green3
xmail*write.foreground:                    green3
xmail*Write.foreground:                    red
